Visibility updates v1.21 (#2131)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/clusters/how-to-set-up-postgresql-visibility-store.md

    #...
    postgres-visibility:
      sql:

>         pluginName: "postgres12" # For PostgreSQL v12 and later. For earlier versions, use "postgresql" plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        pluginName: "postgres12" # For PostgreSQL v12 and later. For earlier versions, use "postgres" plugin.
```

>         pluginName: "postgres12" # For PostgreSQL v12 and later. If using PostgreSQL v9.6 or earlier, use "postgresql" plugin.

Reviewer: ditto

```suggestion
        pluginName: "postgres12" # For PostgreSQL v12 and later. If using PostgreSQL between v9.6 and v11, use "postgres" plugin.
```
